Update "Management API" and "Organizations" to explain the concepts for the CAPI generation (#1873)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/platform-overview/multi-tenancy/index.md

<div class="well disclaimer">

> <i class="fa fa-warning"></i> This article covers organizations as defined in the [Management API]({{< relref "/platform-overview/management-api" >}}). These are replacing the organizations as used with the [REST API]({{< relref "/use-the-api/rest-api/index.md">}}). Existing customers of the REST API should be aware of this transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<i class="fa fa-warning"></i> This article covers organizations as defined in the [Management API]({{< relref "/platform-overview/management-api" >}}). These are replacing the organizations formerly used with the [REST API]({{< relref "/use-the-api/rest-api/index.md">}}). Existing users of the REST API should be aware of this transition.
```

If the concept of custom resources (CR) and custom resource definitions (CRD) is new to you: Kubernetes allows to define [arbitrary objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) to be handled via the Kubernetes API. The schema of such an object is specified by a custom resource definition. The actual objects are called the custom resources.

> Giant Swarm management management clusters provide a CRD named `Organization` (long form: `organizations.security.giantswarm.io`, [schema documentation]({{< relref "/use-the-api/management-api/crd/organizations.security.giantswarm.io.md" >}})). An organization is defined simply by a custom resource using that CRD, which we'll call an "organization CR" here for brevity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm management clusters provide a CRD named `Organization` (long form: `organizations.security.giantswarm.io`, [schema documentation]({{< relref "/use-the-api/management-api/crd/organizations.security.giantswarm.io.md" >}})). An organization is defined simply by a custom resource using that CRD, which we'll call an "organization CR" here for brevity.
```
